Isn't this Miss Mu?
How did you become a thief?
I don't have time to talk nonsense with you
get out of the way
Mu Wushuang
Shouldn't you explain when you trespassed into Lord K's investigation?
You dare to question me about your identity
I am the sister of your Lord K
If you dare to talk nonsense with me again, believe it or not, I will beat you up.
You beat me up to teach
But I'm afraid of that kid
Can't stand the pain of a meal?
How are you afraid?
But if you listen to me
Maybe I can let you take the kids to a full meal
What do you want me to do?
Look carefully, your face does look good
If you follow me
I guarantee that no one in the entire Dongying organization dares to bully you
dream
Little bastard, you have entered Dongying
How dare you be so arrogant
Lord K would be useful if he hadn't seen you
I would have killed you
Do you still think he regards you as his sister?
You are just a tool he uses to make money
How dare you be arrogant with me
That's better than you staying here and being a dog
Wu Song, don't toast, don't eat and be fined
I'll have that kid killed right now